{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red104\green7\blue12;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c49020\c6667\c4706;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
Module 3 | Healthcare Part 2: Metadata\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\'a0Assignments I Due Date:\'a0Feb 3, 2017\
Ontologies and Prot\'e9g\'e9\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \'a0\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Download and install Prot\'e9g\'e9 from http://protege.stanford.edu/. \'a0Prot\'e9g\'e9 is a "free, open-source ontology editor and framework for building intelligent systems". \'a0Prot\'e9g\'e9 can be used to browse and explore ontologies, which is the overall task in this assignment.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Download the latest DBPedia ontology in OWL format, from http://wiki.dbpedia.org. \'a0"DBpedia is a crowd-sourced community effort to extract structured information from Wikipedia and make this information available on the Web." \'a0\'a0\'a0Load the ontology into Prot\'e9g\'e9.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How many classes and axioms are in the ontology? \'a0In general an axiom is any assertion about a class, such as a SubClassOf \'a0relationship. \'a0Describe at least one class and one axiom in your report, with illustrative screen shots.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One DBPedia class relevant to health informatics is "disease" with URI http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease. Go to the DBPedia Sparql endpoint http://dbpedia.org/sparql and run the Sparql query below. \'a0How many diseases are found?
\b SELECT DISTINCT ?d \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 WHERE \{ ?d a <http://dbpedia.org/ontology/Disease> \}
\b0 \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Each disease found should correspond with a Wikipedia "Infobox". \'a0Confirm this is true for a few diseases. \'a0Describe the role of the DBPedia ontology relative to DBPedia and Wikipedia.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Ontology Lookup Services\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Go to the EBI Ontology Lookup Service at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols/index"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols/index\'a0(Links to an external site.)\cb1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \ul Links to an external site.\cb1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 }}. Enter \'93asthma\'94 in the search box. \'a0How many results are found? How many results are found when you filter on property? \'a0Explain the result. How many results are found when you filter on individual? In What ontology are the individuals found? How many results are found when you filter on ontology? Explain the result.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Go to the National Center for BioMedical Ontology BioPortal site: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bioportal.bioontology.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://bioportal.bioontology.org/\'a0(Links to an external site.)\cb1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \ul Links to an external site.\cb1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 }}. Enter \'93asthma\'94 into the Search all ontologies search box. How many results are found? Click on the MeSH result, then expand the Asthma term. How many subheadings are under asthma? What are they? Asthma appears directly under what subject heading?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Submit report as a single self-explanatory PDF file.
\b0 \
}