{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
Module 6 | Bioinformatics introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\'a0Assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Using online bioinformatics resources, part 1\
\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This assignment introduces several online resources related to bioinformatics. \'a0These and many others provide tools for education, research, and references for medicine and healthcare.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Go to the website "Genome: Unlocking Life's Code, at https://unlockinglifescode.org/. \'a0Review the "Timeline of the Human Genome" at https://unlockinglifescode.org/timeline. \'a0What did Watson and Crick accomplish?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 OMIM = "Online Mendelian Inheritance In Man", an online database at https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/omim/. \'a0Go to OMIM and search for a disease. \'a0You may for example search for "cancer" or "diabetes". \'a0Find one or more genes and describe in your own words the gene-to-disease association asserted, including how the knowledge was obtained. \'a0Provide HGNC approved gene symbol[s] and URL[s] for the information.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Go to the Gene Ontology resource at http://geneontology.org/. \'a0Enter the gene symbol found previously as the "Search GO data" query. \'a0\'a0Find the gene product which is a human (Homo Sapiens) protein. \'a0What is the name of the protein? \'a0According to GO what is the source of that information?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Go to the UniProt Knowledge Base, http://www.uniprot.org/ and search for the same gene symbol found previously. \'a0Are there genes found from other species? \'a0What species? \'a0What could be the relationships between the human and non-human genes?\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Submit your completed assignment as a single self-explanatory PDF file.\cb1 \
}