{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red104\green7\blue12;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c49020\c6667\c4706;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
Module 8 | Cheminformatics
\f1\fs21 \cb1 
\f0\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\'a0Assignment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 This assignment involves some basic skills in processing chemical structure information.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Find drug "metformin" at Drug Central or elsewhere and copy the image of this molecular structure into your answer. \'a0From this image, draw the same molecule using the molecular editor JSME, at http://pasilla.health.unm.edu/jsme.html. \'a0Use the "Get SMILES" button to obtain the SMILES for the molecule, and include in answer.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Using this SMILES, search PubChem, the structural search tool, at https://pubchem.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/search/#collection=compounds&query_type=structure, in similarity mode. \'a0Describe results. \'a0Was the drug found as the top hit? \'a0Download the hits in CSV format (maximum 100).\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Using KEGG, find protein targets associated with a disease of interest. \'a0You may select your own, or use "diabetes". \'a0We can hypothesize that these targets could be modulated by drugs therapeutically as "drug targets". \'a0Report your findings and provide illustrative screen shots of KEGG.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Using PubChem, find bioassays involving one of the protein targets from KEGG. \'a0Find the compounds which are most active against this target. \'a0Report your findings and provide illustrative screen shots of PubChem.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Consider your "hitlist" of compounds and criteria for their potential as drug leads. \'a0Download the compounds and all the properties available from PubChem. \'a0Assess these compounds using the "Lipinsky Rule of Five". \'a0This can be done using the web app at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://pasilla.health.unm.edu/tomcat/biocomp/ro5"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://pasilla.health.unm.edu/tomcat/biocomp/ro5\'a0(Links to an external site.)\cb1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \ul Links to an external site.\cb1 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 }}.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Submit your completed assignment as a single self-explanatory PDF file.\cb1 \
}