{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh10200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs43\fsmilli21600 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
Module 10 |\'a0How can data science help doctors and other clinicians treat patients better?\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 \pard\pardeftab720\sl540\sa360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \'a0\'a0Assignments I Due Date: April 4\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Find a paper from the JMIR (http://www.jmir.org) that reports data obtained through a health related website (e.g. CDC, FDA, WHO).\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Critique that health related website and the data it generated (kitemarking, reporting criteria, CHERRIES -Checklist for Reporting Results of Internet E-Surveys (See slide deck))\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 How would you go about linking (technically) or combining (conceptually) the data from that set to another government related website? What new information would result and how could that be used to influence a\'a0government policy?\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Per usual, upload your submission (one half to one page) in a single, self-contained .pdf, with header and file name with the new required format (see below).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Regarding 1.2 \'a0For example:\'a0\
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was established in December 1970 under United States President Richard Nixon. The EPA is an agency of the United States federal government whose mission is to protect human and environmental health. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., the EPA is responsible for conducting environmental assessment, research and education to create and enforce standards and laws that will promote the health of individuals and the environment.\
The Environment Protection Agency seeks to protect and conserve the natural environment and improve the health of humans by researching the effects and mandating limits of chemicals and other pollutants. 
\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The EPA regulates the manufacturing, processing, distribution and use of chemicals and other pollutants. In addition, the EPA is charged with determining safe tolerance levels for chemicals and other pollutants in food, animal feed and water. The EPA is able to enforce its findings through fines, sanctions and other procedures.
\i0 \cf2 \ulnone \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 The United States Geological Survey 
\b0 \'a0is a scientific agency of the United States government. The scientists of the USGS study the landscape of the United States, its natural resources, and the natural hazards that threaten it. The organization has four major science disciplines, concerning biology, geography, geology, and hydrology. 
\i \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 The USGS is a fact-finding research organization with no regulatory responsibility.
\i0 \cf2 \cb1 \ulnone \strokec2 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 By combining data from the USGS and EPA you could inform the the EPA violations and demonstrate the need for more resources towards enforcement. \'a0\
For thought / discussion: Could data from EPA be combined with data from CDC\'a0to identify potential sources for new regulations?\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 NOTE: NEW REQUIREMENT FOR FILE NAMES
\b0 : See the announcement for Week 10. When you upload your completed assignment file, use the following convention for your filename: DSDHT_SP17_AM10_YourSurname_FirstInitial.pdf \'a0Self contained means that your name, your email, the course, the semester, the module number are included at the top in a header and the question is included so that your response has context.\'a0\
}